[KOGUMA] It's been several
days since the festival.
The heated passion that had
filled the atmosphere at school
has dissipated.
The mood has cooled now.
[KOGUMA]
Like the air.
- [wind howls]
- [KOGUMA] Ah...
[grunts]
[KOGUMA] The sting of
the wind is growing sharper.
We should get our Cubs ready.
Winter is coming.
Yeah, it is.
And I know that won't be cheap.
I need to save money.
[KOGUMA]
Me, too.
What are you drinking?
[REIKO]
Hmm?
[gulps]
Just some coffee.
[KOGUMA]
Mm...
I'm guessing I might have gotten
a little bit out of practice.
I always heard the flavor
depends on who
brewed the coffee.
[REIKO]
Mm? So what's yours?
Barley tea.
[REIKO gulping]
It tastes similar, but worse.
I'm trying to go without vending
machine coffee for a while.
[REIKO]
Same.
[KOGUMA]
Mm?
[SHII] Hey. I asked
around about you two.
You really do eat your lunch
by the bike racks.
Yep. Sure do.
What's up?
Nothing. I just wanted
to let you know we got
an espresso machine
for the café space.
And, um, if you two
should come by sometime,
I would love to treat you.
Papa said he wanted to
thank you for helping with
the culture festival.
[REIKO giggles]
Would today work out okay?
Ah!
Yes, wonderful!
[SHII]
I'm sorry to keep you.
[REIKO] Whoa, are you
riding an Alex Moulton?
Truss frame,
rubber cone suspension.
That's not a Japanese model,
it's an AM series.
Every piece of it's
made in England.
I'm sure that's why Papa
insisted on this one,
though it is very nice.
Huh?
[REIKO] Want me to give you
a tow back to your place?
Uh...
It's an option, though
I have seen people flying
into ditches doing that.
Um. Thanks, but I'll be okay.
Just follow me there, please!
[REIKO chuckles]
[SHII panting]
[SHII]
Here we are.
Allow me to welcome
you to my shop.
We call it "Beurre" which is
the French word for butter.
If you're looking for a loaf of
German-style bread in the area,
this is where you wanna go.
So a bakery with
a French name...
...making German bread.
And she ran an Italian
coffee bar at the festival.
Call it global cuisine.
Maybe random.
Thank you for your patience.
Come on in.
[SHII]
I'm home!
[KOGUMA sniffs]
Huh?
What's the theme?
There's so much going on.
Well, the building is like
what you'd find in the Alps.
And there's a British
sandwich stand
and an American diner inside.
Like I said. You could call it
"global" or just "random."
[KOGUMA]
Is this it?
[SHII]
Yes. I had to buy it used.
It still took most
of my savings,
but I loved that
one we borrowed.
I just couldn't resist.
Hey there, Reiko.
Welcome.
How's things?
And the other girl is Koguma?
[SHII]
Yeah.
I can't tell you
what a pleasure it is.
I heard from my daughter
how much you helped out
with the festival. I was hoping
I'd get to meet you myself.
She told us you wanted to thank
us with some free coffee.
[SHII'S FATHER]
That's right.
I'm proud of my coffee
and it'd be my honor
to share it with you two.
I just wish my daughter
was as proud of it as I am.
[SHII] I will be responsible
for Reiko and Koguma's drinks,
thank you very much.
We won't be needing any
American-style coffee.
One of each, please.
That way we can try them both
and decide for ourselves
what we want.
Isn't that thoughtful of you?
[SHII]
Thank you for waiting.
[SHII'S FATHER] I brewed you
our Hawaiian Kona medium roast.
Thank you very much, sir.
[SHII] And Reiko, you get
our Kalosi Toraja dark roast.
Thank you.
[door creaks]
Huh?
Enjoy, you two.
Welcome to Beurre!
[SHII'S FATHER]
Right. Duty calls.
[KOGUMA]
Ah.
[REIKO]
Hmm.
Mm.
[slurps]
Ah, it's way different
from what I make at home.
It's bitter.
But... tasty.
Good cafés have always been an
important part of bike culture.
They even named a kind
of motorbike after 'em.
When it's cold out, you can pull
in for a cup of coffee or tea
to warm you up and
give you some caffeine
for the rest of the trip.
Wow.
[SHII]
Hm..
Thank you very much!
This spot is kinda remote.
Is business going well?
The whole reason I left my job
in Tokyo was so I could stop
thinking about business.
I wanted to bake my
favorite bread,
sell a loaf to the
vacationers here and there,
and make just enough to get by.
But it's been a while and I'm
still working, so joke's on me.
[SHII] Like I'm always saying,
you can retire anytime.
I'm happy to take over.
We'll stop baking
your nasty rye bread,
and I'll focus on paninis
and bruschetta!
I keep trying to tell you,
the Italians don't know
the first thing about
baking bread or eating it.
The Italians realize that life's
too short to waste it
trying to talk themselves into
liking pumpernickel, Papa!
Hmph. Would you
care for a refill?
Yes, please!
Me, too.
[REIKO]
Thanks for having us.
The coffee was delicious.
Glad to hear it.
Please come anytime!
[REIKO]
Mm. I'll be back.
[SHII]
Hmm? Is something wrong?
Not at all, and thank you.
[REIKO]
See you later, Shii.
Bye, you two!
Stop by again soon!
[school bell chimes]
By the way, we still need
to get ready for the winter.
[REIKO] And I still say
you'll have a hard time
finding something better
than my work gloves.
Huh?
[BOTH whimper]
[REIKO]
Hmm.
[KOGUMA]
Mm.
[REIKO]
Heh...
[sighs]
[REIKO]
Hmm.
You do remember
why we came here?
[chuckles sheepishly]
[REIKO] When I take
an interest in something,
I start obsessing over getting
the best version of it―
I can't help it!
I see a really nice replica gun
out of the corner of my eye,
and suddenly it's like
I can hear it calling to me.
"Take me home, Reiko! I don't
belong in this display case!"
Really. I see.
Huh?
[KOGUMA]
Hmm...
Ah. A Trangia mess tin.
Like a mini meal kit.
You can use that to cook your
rice, or to boil, steam, grill,
or deep fry stuff.
It's like a portable kitchen.
[KOGUMA]
Mm...
[KOGUMA groans]
Hey, what's wrong?
You look so torn.
[KOGUMA groans]
[CLERK 8A]
Thank you very much!
Wow, Koguma.
You do remember why
we came here, don't you?
I came because I needed
a new bento box.
I decided just now.
[sighs]
What next?
Should we check and see
if Up Garage has anything?
[REIKO] Mm... It feels like
we were just there, though.
[KOGUMA gasps]
Give me your phone.
[REIKO]
Mm?
Here you go.
So. What's up?
[KOGUMA]
Handlebar covers.
Huh?
That's it. That'll be perfect.
I read that people who ride
their bikes in the cold for work
all say handlebar covers
are the best choice.
I know you prefer you work
gloves, so why not keep them
and buy some of these instead?
For real? Those things
are so dorky!
Do you really want
your Cub to look like
an old man's motorbike?
I refuse to embarrass my Hunter
Cub by using those things.
I still want some.
Look here.
They're in my price range.
[REIKO]
Hmm...
Huh.
Okay.
[KOGUMA]
Hmm.
Heh.
Uh.
[KOGUMA chuckles]
[sighs]
[REIKO]
Hmm...
[chuckles]
[KOGUMA giggles]
Welcome to Beurre!
[gasps]
Reiko and Koguma!
It's good to see you again!
Ah. Welcome back.
Hiya.
[REIKO] The handlebar covers
do work well with my gloves.
And I never would have thought
they would be so effective.
They actually work kinda
like tiny little windscreens
for your hands.
And they keep the wind from
coming up your coat sleeves.
It's not just your hands--they
keep your upper body warm.
So it's really more about the
wind than the cold, I guess.
Well, for the moment.
Still, we're through
the first phase, right?
So, here's to that.
Excuse me! One more, please!
Hey, Shii?
Ah? Oh. Sorry.
Listen. You two may not want
to stay here much longer.
Huh?
We tend to get very crowded
around this time of day.
I sincerely apologize.
Is that so?
[REIKO]
Hmm?
[SHII'S FATHER]
Just a second.
I don't wanna keep you, but I
was hoping you guys could sample
my landbrot before you go.
Wasn't landbrot the rye bread
German soldiers had to
choke down during World War I?
The old German rations
had kommissbrot.
My version is much tastier.
Count me in!
But it's almost our
busiest time of day!
Uh. That shouldn't
be a problem.
Please don't, Papa...
[REIKO grunts]
Hmm?
We can leave.
Wait a minute.
No need to be in a rush, right?
We'd love to try
your bread, sir!
That's more like it.
Papa!
Darn it, Reiko!
We'll take off
if it gets too crowded.
Though maybe... the afternoon
rush was never really
the issue to begin with.
I'm telling the truth!
[car approaching]
[gasps]
[SHII whines]
[SHII'S MOTHER]
I'm home!
[gasps]
[SHII'S FATHER]
Hey, dear!
"hi"
to Shii's classmates?
[SHII'S MOTHER]
Who?
[SHII whimpers]
[SHII'S MOTHER gasps]
Oh, hi there, Reiko!
Hello!
She's here, and she
brought a friend--Koguma.
Huh? Oh, wow!
Ah! Wah―
[SHII'S MOTHER] So you're
the one who helped so much
with the culture festival!
Yeah...
Lovely to meet you, Koguma.
I'm Shii's mother.
Hi, Ma'am.
[SHII'S MOTHER squeals]
I'm so glad you came!
[sighs]
[SHII'S MOTHER]
Please, allow me.
And Koguma?
Thanks, I'm fine.
Wonderful. There's plenty more.
[KOGUMA]
Great, thank you.
[chukcles] So her dad's
obsessed with Germany,
and her mom's
super into America.
Which would make that
floor transition kind of
like the Atlantic.
Didn't you also mention that the
sandwich counter was British?
I guess they needed to find
something between the two
that they could agree on.
[KOGUMA]
Hmm...
[REIKO] And then...
there's Little Italy.
It would be fun to come back
here just to watch how
her counter grows. Right?
Oh, yeah, and with her
British-built Alex Moulton,
she'll go far.
Ah?
In that outfit,
you seem a lot different.
[SHII]
Mm... Do I?
Please come by again!
[KOGUMA]
Mm.
[SHII]
You, too, Reiko!
[REIKO]
I'll be here tomorrow. See ya!
[SHII]
Mm!
[KOGUMA]
We can feel autumn fading.
[KOGUMA] The handlebar
covers work perfectly.
But it'll be much colder soon,
and we still need to make more
basic preparations for that.
[KOGUMA] I can't justify
going to the café very often.
Getting coffee there costs
as much as a tank of gas,
and I can make at least
a passable cup at home.
[KOGUMA] But... that doesn't
mean I can't go at all.
[KOGUMA] So if I find myself
wanting to indulge a little
now and then...
...or if I'm riding in the cold,
and I really need
something to warm me up.
There's nothing wrong
with stopping by
for an occasional drink.
Is there?
[KOGUMA] Episode 9:
"In Ice."